I want to be planted in a wide
open meadow so that everyone of
my branches can receive all the
sunlight and once I don't have
to compete for the photons from
the Sun which is what goes on
daily hourly in forest specially
rainforest where there's the
canopy and then everything else
below has to be able to live
without direct sunlight and the
branches of the trees that keep
reaching for the canopy those
branches that are below they
drop dead because there's no
some way to sustain them I don't
want to be just one of it just
leaves on the top I want full
plumage
wanna be old and wise in the
middle of a matter and there's
nothing more beautiful than a
solitary tree in the middle of a
field it invites you to sit
under it and have people come
sit under my branches and added
dimension of romance to their
lives under the branches my tree
one risk however if your tree in
the middle of a meadow in the
middle of a field is that you
will get hit by lightning
lightning does not like moving
through air and if you reaching
up in the air it's going to go
through basically your wet bark
the lightning will pass through
your wet bark and before it
connects the cloud to the ground
but maybe that's worth it so
that all the time until I'm
struck by lightning
amputate one of my limbs I think
it'll be worth it up to that
moment for having a completely
image as an ornament in the
centre of midfield